[Music]
if death was brutally murdering your
friends in freak accidents and you're
next
what would you do there's nowhere safe
to hide and it won't stop hunting
everyone down
until you're all dead i'm going to break
down the mistakes made what you should
do and how to be
deaf in the final destination in five
minutes
everyone here will be dead these four
friends are watching a car race hoping
to see a crash
when nick here notices something is
wrong looking up he sees a huge crack in
the foundation of the building and gets
a strange feeling that something
terrible is about to happen
death has just picked its next victims
and he's about to turn this place into
hell
on earth down on the track a tool flies
out the back of one of the cars and
lands on the road
suddenly a car runs over the tool
setting the vehicle flipping through the
air and a loose tire flies into the
crowd
taking this woman's head clean off
panicking the audience runs for the
exits
but another car catches fire and crashes
into the stands crushing another man to
death
the hood of another car is flung off the
track and slices this couple in half
death is having an absolute field day
and as the crowd is trying
everything they can to squeeze
themselves through the exit nick
realizes there's no way out of here
alive
okay this is absolute chaos the exits
are jammed the building is collapsing
and race cars are crushing people in the
stands
but there's actually one thing nick here
can do to have a greater chance at
surviving than anyone else
in the 1950s the government implemented
the federal civil defense administration
to educate the public about how to
protect themselves in case of an air
raid or nuclear attack
the famous solution they came up with
was to simply duck and cover if you're
in a collapsing building
the problem is this stadium has nothing
for these people to hide under and we
need a different strategy to protect
ourselves called the triangle of life
now this is not a standard government
supported recommendation but it applies
perfectly in this situation because the
only points of safety are the support
beams
you should position yourself next to
them and line the floor in the fetal
position
this creates a triangle of safety that
protects you from the collapsing
building
the ceiling will collapse at its weakest
point between the support beams and
these pillars here are reinforced with
steel rebar so we have a much higher
chance of survival if we crouch here one
of these corners while everyone else
scrambles for a way to escape
suddenly a huge piece of the ceiling
crushes everyone in the crowd that's
trapped in the exit
and nick here turns around to look for
his girlfriend that's when an explosion
goes off and he watches lori and the
security guard consumed in flames
thrown back from the impact he's pushed
straight into a piece of rebar but just
before he dies he suddenly finds himself
back in the bleachers as if nothing ever
happened
nick here looks around confused but
slowly starts to realize that he's
reliving the events
right before the crash and they're all
about to die if they don't leave this
place
immediately refusing to leave his friend
pushes him down into the crowd knocking
someone over and starting a fight
nick and his friends run out of the
arena and the angry spectators follow
him out of the building to finish what
he started
outside he tells them that there's going
to be a huge crash
and they don't believe him but suddenly
they hear an explosion
turning around they see the audience
running for their lives as a ball of
flame erupts behind them
this man tries to go back in to save his
wife but the security guard holds him
back for his safety
that's when a wheel comes flying out of
the arena and decapitates this woman
just like the vision and
all of them are frozen in shock that's
one down with eight to go
and death is just getting started that
night
nick here and his friends meet up at a
coffee shop to process the gruesome
deaths they just witnessed but the
boyfriend gets the feeling that this
is only the beginning the girlfriend
suggests they should all go to the
memorial tonight to honor those that
died in the accident but the
others refused to go back that's when he
tells him he saw a vision of everything
that happened
including his own death but the frat bro
thinks he survived because of his lucky
coin
this man's luck is going to run out
sooner than he thinks because he's going
to have the most horrifying death of
them all
okay this is a pretty freaky situation
because
nick here had a clear experience of his
own death and has no
answers for what just happened now this
operates outside of the realms of
science
because there's no way to prove what he
saw or experienced was real but if he
simply followed the news he would have
quickly realized
this isn't the first time something like
this has happened
we can see on this tv news report that
the name of the race track is called the
mckinley speedway and mckinley is the
same town where four years ago
a bunch of kids died on a roller coaster
at a local amusement park but a girl and
her friends got off the ride
because she had a premonition that they
were all going to die
if they live in the same town it
wouldn't be difficult to put the piece
together that there were at least three
separate occasions of kids who had
premonitions of their own deaths and
every single survivor of these tragic
accidents
are now dead these guys don't want to go
to the memorial service but we should
definitely go because it's where we are
most likely to find as many of the
survivors all one place before the
all-star dying
now at this point we don't have enough
information to figure out that death is
going to hunt us down in any particular
order but we have good enough reason to
think that we are all going to die in
freak accidents so the best thing to do
is have as many eyes on everyone at all
times to prevent it from happening
i would show them the research and
convince them to wear cameras in ear
pieces
because they could die from anything at
any time and if we can see the signs
that death is coming for them then we
might be able to alert them
and help them escape the situation it's
definitely a positive to keep others
alive but my real motivation is to use
the others to collect evidence of how
death tries to kill them so that i know
what to look for when it decides to come
after me
we need to be looking at the other
survivors as a way to gain information
because the more we know about the
threat the better we will be at a
vadiant for as long as possible
on the night of the memorial the
survivors attend the service to pay
their respects
nick here is leaving with his girlfriend
when a security guard from the speedway
stops them
he's about to ask the boyfriend how he
knew about the crash before it happened
when another survivor confronts the man
and blames the guard for letting his
wife die calling him a racial slur
this man lets the guard know that he's
coming after him for revenge
back at home nick here is sleeping when
he has a dream of a house with a red
door
and a metal hook and a huge ball of
flames across town
the racist man drives to the security
guard's house looking for revenge
he takes out a wooden cross from the
back of his tow truck but accidentally
knocks the hook loose as it falls to the
ground
leaving it in the street he starts
digging a hole in the guard's lawn to
put the cross in when a gust of wind
blows his mirror ornament loose
turning on the radio the sound
vibrations from the music rattle these
beer cans off the dashboard and onto the
gear shift knocking the truck out of
park
the car drives off and the man runs up
to get inside but the doors are locked
shut and he has no way to stop it
behind him the truck's hook catches his
legs and begins to drag him across the
pavement
a gas canister spills out the back of
his truck and as a chain spark from the
friction the trail catches on fire
he's pulled across the street screaming
as his whole body is engulfed in flames
suddenly the truck explodes on a
fireball setting the racist's head
flying on the guard's lawn
charred to a crisp that's two down and
seven to go
okay nick here definitely should have
seen this coming
because death showed him clues in a
dream hours before any of this ever
happened this dream is vital information
that we can't take for granted
because if we can use it to anticipate
what will happen then we might be able
to prevent our deaths for as long as
possible
the first clue from the dream is a red
door with the address
617 there's no street name but we could
compile a list of addresses in the town
with the same house number to discover
that anyone we know might live in them
the next piece of information is a hook
on a chain at the memorial service
we saw that this angry redneck had a
necklace with a hook on it
this would lead me to think the man
might die at this address in the near
future
this is a major advantage because if we
know in advance that the redneck is
being targeted first we can use him as a
guinea pig and set a trap for death
if the remaining survivors contribute
funding to build a bulletproof cage
and lock him inside with no way for
death to ever get in
we will learn some extremely useful
information either death will skip him
and kill the next victim
or it won't move on to someone else
until the redneck is dead which would be
great for the rest of the survivors
the interesting thing is nick here has
access to information that would support
this strategy because it's been used
before by a former survivor of flight
180 who was in the local news
she managed to evade death for over a
year by locking herself into a mental
asylum and only died by leaving the
facility to help other survivors
the only difference in this case is that
we're using the strategy against
someone's will to observe how death
reacts to the situation
as cruel as it sounds it would be hard
for the redneck to argue with their
methods because he's already been
targeted and as soon as he's released
from the prison we made for him
he'll be killed by death if he stays
alive for long enough then we can
confirm that death is governed by
specific rules of who
and when to kill and we should keep the
redneck imprisoned for as long as we can
to stop death from ever getting to us
next but there's one more strategy that
could have saved them all right then and
there
we need to get this guy a damn hobby
skillshare is an online learning
community with thousands of inspiring
classes for creative and curious people
and if you feel like you're wasting your
life on things that don't make you happy
skillshare is the perfect place for you
to explore new skills
develop existing interests and get lost
in creativity
look at your life right now which of
these two do you want to be
do you want to be a racist who's
grieving his dead wife planting crosses
at other people's yards in the middle of
the night
or do you want to learn illustration and
action creating stylized
portraits with andrea pippins
illustrator author and graphic designer
it's curated specifically for learning
meaning there are no ads and they're
always launching new premium classes
so you could stay focused and follow
wherever your creativity takes you
skillshare offers membership with
meaning experience real-time inspiration
as you connect with popular teachers
while watching and working along with
other members
i feel like skillshare is legitimately a
how to beat in how to win a live website
but the easiest thing to do is to
procrastinate and postpone when the best
thing you can do is to just sign up now
the first 1 000 of my subscribers to
click the link in the description will
get a free membership to skillshare
premium worth one month
so you can start exploring your
creativity today thank you to skillshare
for sponsoring this video
the next morning lori here gets a call
from her friend to turn on the news and
she watches a report about the redneck
dying in a freak accident she tells her
boyfriend nick to come look and he's
shocked when he recognizes the red door
from his dream
that's when he suddenly has another
vision seeing scissors a smoking
cigarette and a woman's eye
realizing this is becoming a pattern he
tells his girlfriend that the dream he
had last night was a vision with clues
of how the redneck would die and he's
just had another
someone else is going to get killed but
he has no idea who is next
meanwhile across town one of the other
survivors is at a beauty salon getting
her hair cut
but death is already setting things in
motion the hair stylist offers her some
water to drink and sets it aside on the
dressing table but the condensation
moves an aerosol can towards a hot iron
the hair stylist is focused on the
woman's hair and doesn't notice that
above them
the fan is beginning to shake loose
suddenly her kids come running into the
salon
and slip on the floor distracting the
women that's when the spray bottle
overheats and rockets towards the fan
breaking it off the ceiling and it comes
crashing to the floor
luckily it misses the women but death
isn't done yet
after her appointment she's about to
leave the salon when the groundskeeper
drives by in his lawnmower and sends a
rock flying straight at the woman
the stone pierces through her eye just
like in nick's vision and that makes
three down
with six more to go okay death is
starting to look pretty rusty here
it took several different attempts to
kill this one woman who was sitting
stationary in a barber's chair and at
this point he's just starting to look
unprofessional
with that kind of hit ratio our survival
chances have just gone way up and that's
great news for the rest of the survivors
as far as the rock that killed her
there's really no way to avoid this
and surprisingly it's not an
unprecedented scenario either
ride on lawn mowers kill an average of
about 70 people each year but as
statistically unlikely as it is
she actually had a chance to survive now
this woman met nick at the memorial
earlier and since nick knew that she was
one of these survivors
he could have warned her and the others
that death was after them as soon as he
found out
with this information this entire
scenario could have played out
differently and it all comes back to
tweedledee
and tweedledum here as naughty as her
two kids are they're actually a blessing
in disguise
because according to nick's premonition
they never died in the accident
so they aren't on death's kill list she
could have used her own children as a
death-proof shield for any surprise
attacks or freak occurrences
death would have had to work a lot
harder at finding an effective way to
kill her because it can't kill the kids
yet
if it's not their rightful time to die
if death's own rules prevent him from
killing people before it's their turn
then these two rats could have been this
woman's strongest line of defense and
she can safely use them as shields to
hide behind the rest of the way home
the next day nick and his friends find
out about the mother's death and decide
to meet up
he tells them about his visions and the
girlfriend shows them articles they
found online
these past survivors had premonitions of
tragic accidents before they happened
but
every single one of them were killed in
the same order they would have died in
if they had never survived
they all realize the same is going to
happen to them if they don't figure out
how to stop it
the friends are freaked out and leave
the apartment but that's when nick here
gets another vision
he sees a flame shooting out of a
blowtorch a gas canister flying through
the air
and a coil of wire he's just been given
clues about how someone else is going to
die but he realizes he might be
able to figure out who's next that night
they explored the racetrack to try and
figure out who died in what order but
his memory isn't good enough to put the
pieces together
suddenly the security guard grabs him
from behind and demands to know why
they're here
after explaining his vision the guard
shows him the surveillance footage from
the day of the crash
and nick here figures out the order the
remaining survivors died in
the mechanic his two friends janet and
hunt the security guard his girlfriend
and finally himself he suggests they
might be able to break this curse by
saving the mechanic's life but
death is already one step ahead of them
the next day
they head to the garage where the
mechanic works the girlfriend tells him
that three of the speedway survivors
have died in freak accidents and they
believe
he's going to be next moving the
conversation outside
he tells him that his wife died in the
accident and he can't deal with this
kind of superstition right now
but nobody realizes that death has
already started a chain of events
in the garage and cant tips over and
spills liquid onto a motorized winch
the cables start unwinding and the van
it's connected to starts rolling
backwards
stopping inches away from crushing the
mechanic to death
the man walks away on skate but suddenly
the winch comes flying loose and breaks
off the end of this gas tank
launching forward it slams the man into
the mesh wire fence so hard that his
body
falls through the other side and that
makes it four down with five more to go
okay we have another rare opportunity to
use sun as a guinea pig to test a theory
that could help us all survive
we might be able to beat death at its
own game by finding a way to die before
it gets to us
and then be resuscitated with this in
mind we can meet the mechanics somewhere
private and have someone sneak up the
shotgun with defibrillators that try
stopping his heart
now it would actually be pretty
difficult to achieve and we would need
to be lucky to pull it off but it's
still worth a try
first of all to kill someone with a
defibrillator you have to create an
arithmetic heartbeat but this can only
be achieved through a carefully timed
charge on what's called a t wave in your
normal heart rhythm
if the timing is successful it produces
a v fib which is a fatal rhythm and
they'll die
the next problem is that this can't be
done through cloth or any thick body
hair so we'll need to pin him down and
raise his shirt
lastly certain defibrillators won't
release a shock if it senses a healthy
heart without any arrhythmia so we need
to find the right kind for it to work
this is a lot working against us but if
we can pull it off it might just save
everyone's life
death is a stickler for the rules and
once your heart stops you're officially
dead
so the life debt has been paid then we
can bring him back with the
defibrillators and even though it's a
high risk we're already playing of
borrowed time here it's a worthwhile
risk to take and although death won't
let you cheat him we might still be able
to win if we play by the rules
with another survivor dead the security
guard insists they have to warn the
others but nick here has no idea who
dies next
his friends jenna and hunt died at the
same time in his premonition and the
only solution he has is if they split up
to try and save them both
across town hunt here is about to answer
the phone when a kid sprays him with
water
upset he pushes the kid into the pool
and steals his gun
throwing it behind this fence but it
switches on the pool's drain
and hunt doesn't realize that he's just
triggered his own death
meanwhile janet here is going to the car
wash to clean off her windshield when
she suddenly gets a call from her friend
lori
she quickly tells her where she is
before hanging up and enters with no
idea that this is the cleanest death
trap ever made
passing through the grill brushes her
antenna gets ripped off and is sent
flying to a power box causing it to
spark
her car is stuck in place and the
washers are trapping her on both sides
but that's when her car's electric
suddenly glitch and the sunroof begins
to open an overhead pipe bursts as a
heavy stream of water falls into the
vehicle and the car starts flooding with
janet inside
forcing the sunroof wider she squeezes
her head through the crack but gets
stuck
when it suddenly closes on her neck the
power box sparks back on and pushes the
vehicle through the tunnel towards a
giant spinning washer that will rip the
woman's head off
at the last second she's rescued by the
other survivors who drive their car in
and push her out of harm's way lori here
climbs on top of the vehicle and helps
her friend out of the sunroof getting
her to safety before a giant pipe
narrowly misses them back at the pool
hunt is relaxing when a golf ball
suddenly knocks his drink down and he
drops his lucky coin
seeing it fall into the water he dies in
to find it but the drain suction drags
him in
and he can't push himself free he's
trapped at the bottom of the pool
and no one can hear him scream nick
finally arrives and calls out for his
friend but before he realizes where he
is
the pressure from the pump reaches
critical levels and his organs get
sucked straight out of his body
that's five down and four more to go
okay as gruesome as it is these types of
accidents are a lot more common than you
think
a pool's drain actually has a crazy
amount of suction force and it's even
strong enough to pull an adult into its
draft
now he would have drowned in under three
minutes anyways but as hopeless as this
was
janet here had plenty of opportunities
to escape from her death trap without
any help at all
trying to exit through the sunroof was
not a bad idea but she didn't think
things all the way through
poking only your head out of a car
limits your mobility and the more
logical thing to do is reach your arms
out of the car
first because you can use the leverage
to push yourself up and out
if the opening was too narrow i also
would have tried pushing with my feet to
create more opposing force to open the
sunroof further
now even if we assume none of this would
have worked there was still an excellent
way for her to escape
the side window by using her car's seats
you can actually break through the glass
by detaching the headrests jamming the
metal ends into the corner of the window
frame and pulling it back
this will help you crack the glass
enough to shatter it and escape it takes
much less time and effort in comparison
to kicking out the windshield
because car windows are made from
tempered glass so they're designed to
hold up against blunt force trauma like
kicking glass breakers can easily break
through a car window because it
concentrates the force applied to it
into the smallest area possible and
while a headrest wasn't designed for
this purpose
it will definitely get the job done that
night the couple are death-proofing
their home but the girlfriend is freaked
out
she knows that once the guard dies
she'll be next and that's when a cold
wind
blows through the room a cup of coffee
is knocked over spilling onto a
newspaper and highlighting the words
through action
they were saved since they were able to
save janet they think the message is a
sign that the curse has been lifted
going to the security guard's house to
tell him the news they walk in to find
the man hanging from the ceiling
suddenly he starts choking and the rope
breaks when they ask him why he's doing
this he explains he's been trying to
quit a life the entire day
but nothing has worked faking that
they're finally free from the curse
they decide to celebrate but tomorrow
it's about to get so much worse
the next day nick here is cleaning up
the apartment when the remote falls to
the floor
and the television turns on showing a
news report about the cowboy from the
speedway who's been hospitalized since
the crash
suddenly nick gets another vision and he
sees an ambulance a dripping faucet
and a hospital's caduceus symbol if
there was another survivor that he's
next in death's order and that means
they're all still cursed getting into
the car he calls the security guard
telling him to meet him at the hospital
meanwhile the cowboy is lying in his bed
when he feels droplets hitting his face
and looks up to find the ceiling is
filling with water
he tries to call the nursing staff but
he's suddenly shocked and knocks the cop
button off his bed
leaving him no way to get help nick and
the security guard are finally find the
cowboy in his hospital room but before
they can help him a bathtub from the
floor above falls to the ceiling and
crushes the man to death
that's six down and only four more to go
okay this is a lot to take in none of
them knew that this cowboy was one of
the survivors
and the fact that he was still alive was
the only reason that the security guard
couldn't take life's back door exit
this is actually a big deal because it's
clearly revealed one of death's best
loopholes to use to our advantage
all of this tells us that if you've
cheated death and it's not yet your turn
to die
you can't die i would want to learn just
exactly how bull proof we are
how falls and great heights might affect
us and anything else we can think of
testing
doing a little research in the name of
science to define the boundaries of this
loophole is going to tell us a lot more
clearly what we can
and cannot do and how to use it to our
advantage now what's interesting here is
that the only reason the security guard
is unkillable is because the cowboy is
still alive
so if i were in this position i would be
trying to save this guy at all costs
if we're not allowed to die then faye
would not be allowed to kill us
and since a massive tub falling onto our
bodies would definitely kill us
then once i decide to jump in to save
his life we create a new predetermined
outcome that the tub of water never
falls
because it cannot kill me before my time
to die with this death curse
we can essentially overwrite another
predetermined outcome with our own
and that's a superpower any marvel hero
would be jealous of
we can basically live life in complete
defiance of risk for the benefit of
fighting new and more dangerous ways to
cheat death
for example by saving other people who
would have died without your
intervention
we can find regular civilians and turn
them into survivors which adds them into
the kill order to be hunted down by
death if this was the case then they
would most likely be added onto the list
after you but we also learned that death
will skip you if someone saves your life
and that puts you right back at the end
of the line again but this time the line
is much longer
leaving the hospital nick here is
crossing the street with a security
guard to go look for the girls when an
ambulance suddenly comes out of nowhere
and runs the man over
nick is completely shocked by the
guard's death and realized the vision he
had earlier was for both the cowboy
and the security guard that's seven down
with only three more to go
racing to find his girlfriend he drives
to the mall when he notices an
advertisement for the movie the girls
are going to watch
and suddenly has a vision of rotating
gears nails flying through the air
and a massive explosion at a movie
theater he knows his friends are in
immediate danger and he'll do whatever
it takes to rescue them but it might
already be too late
in a construction site the crew is
headed to lunch but none of them notice
a beam of sunlight hitting a pile of
sawdust
carried by the wind a loose tarp hooks
into a switch and turns on a massive fan
that sends this card rolling forward
spilling the trailer turpentine it leads
straight to the theater that lori and
janet are in
and nobody has a clue a fire starts
behind the screen and it's only a matter
of time before the whole place is up in
flames
nick finds the girls in the theater and
tells them the security guard is dead
lori gets up to leave but janet refuses
to go with them and doesn't want to run
from her fate anymore
the couple leave her behind in the
theater and moments later she gets a
front row seat to a massive explosion
everyone in the building starts
evacuating in a panic as the fire erupts
out of the theaters and the last two
survivors run down an escalator to
escape them all
they get halfway down when a column
falls straight onto the escalator
exposing the grinding gears below them
he tries to hold on to his girlfriend
but there's no escape her leg gets
caught and the woman is crushed to death
but to make surprise he suddenly pulled
out of a vision and he's back at the
hospital like nothing ever happened
it was another premonition and he
realizes there's still a chance to save
his girlfriend before it all happens
again
okay this is a golden opportunity that
will never come again
so far nick here has seen two types of
premonitions
there are the clues he gets for the
survivors locked in the death order and
then there are the visions where he
lives through a disaster before it ever
happens
this premonition gives him an extremely
rare chance to save more people who he
knows are going to die soon
and cheat death on a much larger scale
since the disaster he's trying to stop
happens inside of a shopping mall he
could pull on a fire alarm and evacuate
the building which would save the lives
of everyone who was supposed to die in
the movie theater explosion
tons of people would then be cheating
death and they would all be added to
death's kill list
this is great news because now there are
a lot more people that must be killed
before you and it gives us time to enjoy
our lives
with his second chance the boyfriend
runs for the mall and slips into the
construction site where he finds the
burning cart next to the flammable
barrels
he grabs a fire extinguisher and tries
to spray the flames out but he runs out
of gas
frustrated he throws it away and breaks
a table leg tipping it forward
the boyfriend starts stopping the flames
out but a loose ember floats over to
another pile of sawdust and sets it on
fire
just as the nail gun falls into the
ground it starts shooting holes in the
flammable barrels but nick's arm gets
hit
and he's pinned to the wall the liquid
from the barrel starts leaking and
flowing towards the open flames but nick
here gets a clever
idea he pulls a long plank of wood
towards himself and uses its lit end to
turn on the fire sprinklers
as the room sprays with water the flames
are put out and nick here has saved his
friends having finally broken the curse
two weeks later the boyfriend meets with
the other survivors at a coffee shop
nobody has seen anything strange since
nick saved them at the mall
they all think they've beaten death but
when he looks down he sees a message
scratched into the table
that's when he realizes nothing has
changed this was always a part of
death's final plan and all of a sudden
they look out the window to find a
semi-truck crashing into them
before they even had a chance to leave a
tip but what do you think how would you
beat the final destination
let me know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day